Improve README "About" description & add Mermaid diagram (#371)
finos/git-proxy: README.md

</div>
<br />

## What is Git Proxy

> Git Proxy is a server application that stands in the middle between a developer and a Git remote endpoint, which applies rules and workflows (configurable as `plugins`) to all incoming `git push` operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git Proxy is an application that stands between developers and a Git remote endpoint (e.g., `github.com`). It applies rules and workflows (configurable as `plugins`) to all outgoing `git push` operations to ensure they are compliant.
```

The main goal of Git Proxy is to marry the defacto standard Open Source developer experience (git-based workflow of branching out, submitting changes and merging back) with security and legal requirements that firms have to comply with, when operating in highly regulated industries like financial services.

That said, Git Proxy can also be used on a local environment to enforce a single developer's best practices, which tends to be the easiest setup to start with and the most comfortable one to build new Git Proxy plugins.

> ```mermaid
> sequenceDiagram
>     actor Developer
>     Developer->>+Git Server: git clone
>     Developer->>Workstation: git remote add proxy <proxy-server>
>     Developer->>+Git Proxy: git push proxy
>     Git Proxy-->>-Developer: Pending review
>     Developer->>Workstation: git commit -m 'fixing Git Proxy issues'
>     Developer->>+Git Proxy: git push
>     Git Proxy-->>-Developer: Approved
> ```

Reviewer: Perhaps this could be slightly tweaked to show something being blocked and then forwarded to the upstream?

```suggestion
```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    actor Developer
    Developer->>+Git Server: git clone
    Developer->>Workstation: git remote add proxy <proxy-server>
    Developer->>+Git Proxy: git push proxy
    Git Proxy-->>-Developer: Failed license check
    Developer->>Workstation: git commit -m 'fix license issue'
    Developer->>+Git Proxy: git push
    Git Proxy-->>-Git Server: Approved
```
```
